Vision

To be the premier company as Submarine Cable Telecommunications service provider in nationwide
bridging the digital divide and bringing Internet to the door steps of the rural people of Bangladesh at
affordable price.

Mission

To provide uninterrupted and quality broad-spectrum telecommunication services in transparent and
competitive manner using state-of-the art technology
To provide Bandwidth service for all kinds of international voice and data circuits through the submarine
cable and optical fiber networks.
To connect Bangladesh to the global information super highway.
To strengthen the national ICT sector.
To help the people of Bangladesh getting full benefit of all the Telecommunications & IT related services.

Company History
Bangladesh Submarine Cable Company Limited (BSCCL) is a Core Telecommunications service provider
and International Submarine Cable Operator of Bangladesh. It is also an IIG (International Internet
Gateway). The service provided by BSCCL represents the Long-haul communication between Bangladesh
and the rest of the world. The Company emerged in July 2008 as a public limited company under the
Posts and Telecommunications Division of Posts, Telecommunications, and Information Technology
Ministry, Government of Bangladesh. BSCCL is a party in both SMW-4 and SMW-5 Consortiums that
provide more capacity and redundancy in Submarine Cables for Bangladesh. BSCCL-IIG is helping the
people of the Country to get broadband Internet at a cheaper rate and better quality of service. BSCCL
is one of the growing companies in the Telecom sector of Bangladesh. It is a leading company for the
implementation of National ILDTS & ICT policies to develop modern tele-network and high-speed
Broadband Internet in Bangladesh. The submarine cable network is expected to be the main
telecommunications infrastructure for “Digital Bangladesh” by the year 2021 and BSCCL is certainly
going to play a major role. By providing high capacity fiber optic submarine cable bandwidth and
state of the art Internet Transit facilities, BSCCL is effectively connecting the people to the “Information
Super Highway”.

During the visit of Honorable Prime Minister of India, Shri Narendra Modi to Bangladesh on 6th
June 2015, in the presence of Honorable Prime Ministers of India and Bangladesh, Managing Director
of BSCCL and BSNL signed the 10Gbps IP bandwidth export agreement for Tripura State, India and
under this agreement, BSCCL has started to export 10Gbps IP Bandwidth to Tripura from 8th
February, 2016. On 23rd March, 2016, Honorable Prime Minister of India and Bangladesh inaugurated
the program through video conferencing.

The Bangladesh Submarine Cable Company signed the agreement with SMW-5 Consortium in 2014 and
ensures the ownership of the country's second submarine cable, which on 10th September-2017,
Honorable Prime Minister of Bangladesh, Sheikh Hasina inaugurated the SEA-ME-WE-5 cable system
through video conferencing.