Q 1. What sort of Services does your Company provide?

The basic job of Bangladesh Submarine Cable Company Ltd. (BSCCL) is to provide bandwidth to the
relevant telecom companies and also to the corporate users who need International private lease circuits
(IPLC) and IP Transit to IIG and ISP. The bandwidth is distributed on a first come first serve basis without
any discriminations.

Q 2. Who are your clients?

Basically our clients are those Telcos who use substantial amount of bandwidth. As for example;
BTCL
Level3 Carrier Limited
Summit Communications Limited
Maxnet Limited
BdHub Limited
Bangla Track
NovoTel Limited
Mir Telecom Limited
Mango Teleservices Limited etc
ie, all IGWs, IIGs, ISPs, corporate users like SITA, Embassies, Standard Chartered Bank, American
Express Bank etc.

Q 3. How your organization is related with other operators like ICX, IGW, IIG, Mobile operators,
BTCL and PSTN operators?

After connectivity of Bangladesh with Submarine Cable System, basically all telecom operators whose
subscribers are making calls outside Bangladesh or getting connected to internet and chatting with some
friends outside Bangladesh are directly or indirectly using Submarine Cable. Thus, all those who are
providing such international connectivity or helping indirectly (like ICX) to establish such outside
communications are related to BSCCL.

Q 4. I have a business proposal, whom should I contact?

If your business is a telecom business where you need substantial amount of bandwidth, you may
contact us through our website www.bsccl.com.bd/where our contract numbers are available. But the
first thing you have to do is to obtain a license from the Regulatory Authority (BTRC) for any type of
Telecom business.

Q 5. Tele-medicine, video on demand, distant learning for these new arenas, how does your
organization provide service?

All these services you have mentioned above require high quality & uninterrupted broadband
connectivity. For a video with very good resolutions and sounds you need at least 5 Mbps bandwidth.
By providing high quality & uninterrupted broadband for Bangladesh & Tripura =BSCCL allows the end
users to enjoy the above stated services.

Q 6. Do you connect ISPs and call centres?

In fact we are the whole seller of bandwidth and thus we do not sell or provide small bandwidth
less than E1 (2 Mbps) to ISPs or call centres.

Q 7. Does someone get discount for larger bandwidth?

The approved rate stipulates discounts for higher bandwidth with a lower multiplication factor.
Moreover, special discounts are available for internet service providers and Educational Institutions